Privacy Sandbox FAQ - multiple trusted issuers (#2974)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/faq/index.md

Application tabs: read
[Getting started with Trust Tokens](https://web.dev/trust-tokens/#summary).

> ### What should a publisher do when there are tokens from more trusted issuers?
> 
> The publisher can check if there are tokens for one issuer at a time with 
> document.hasTrustToken(<issuer>). As soon as there is a token available the publisher 
> will stop checking for further issuers' tokens.
> 
> Also, it's up to the publisher to decide which issuers to check for and in which order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do publishers handle tokens from multiple trusted issuers?

The publisher can check a user's browser for valid tokens with
`document.hasTrustToken()` for one issuer at a time. If this returns `true`
and a token is available, the publisher can redeem the token and stop
looking for other tokens.

The publisher must decide which token issuers to check and in what order.
```
